{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\s1\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\lang1033\super\b\f0\fs24 $\nosupersub  \super #\nosupersub  \super K\nosupersub  ABOUT THE COMPONENT LIBRARY\par
\pard\li120\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\lang2057\b0\fs20\par
The JPEG Component Library provides two additional non-visual components for use under either the various versions of Delphi, C++Builder and the Borland Developer Studio, Win16 and Win32 environments. It also provides a Data Aware JPEG Image component which may be used to save and access JPEG encoded images in a database blob field. A corresponding printable component is also provided so that you may print images from a database using Quick Reports Note that with Delphi 2005, 2007 or the Borland Developer Studio, this is only available if you also licence Quick Reports 4 from Qusoft. \par
The two non-visual components are \lang1033\uldb TJPEGFileCompressor\ulnone\v Topic_TJPEGFileCompressor\v0  and \uldb TJPEGFileDecompressor\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_TJPEGFileDecompressor\cf0\lang2057\v0 . These support compression of images to JPEG Format and decompression respectively. The data aware component is\uldb TDBJPEGImage\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_TDBJPEGImage\cf0\v0 , and the printable component is\uldb TQRDBJPEGImage\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_TQRDBJPEGImage\cf0\v0 .\par
Simply installing these components JPEG enables the Delphi IDE. The components register themselves as supporting .jpg files and the JPEG compression format and, when you come to load an image into a TImage Picture, the JPEG format will be found amongst the list of supported file formats. An image loaded from a JPEG source can also be saved back to JPEG. These components support the JPEG File Interchange Format (JFIF).\par
These two components also support TImage at run-time too. As at design time, if TJPEGFileDecompressor is included in your project, then calling TImage.Picture.LoadFromFile when the file extension is .jpg will automatically invoke the JPEG decompressor. You can also explicitly call TJPEGFileDecompressor to load a JPEG image from any file.\par
TJPEGFileCompressor can be used to save a TImage.Picture in JPEG format, and can handle pictures that are either bitmaps or metafiles. It can also compress a device independent bitmap, and change the size of bitmaps before compression.\par
TDBJPEGImage is linked to a database blob field and also uses TJPEGFileDecompressor and TJPEGFileCompressor to save and load JPEG encoded images from the Blob Field. Use of the JPEG compressor and decompressor components can be implicit if the default parameter settings are sufficient. On the other hand, the reference may be explicit to copies of these components with non-default parameter settings. TQRDBJPEGImage can be used to print a JPEG Image using Quick Reports 2. \par
This software uses original software for JPEG developed by the Independent JPEG Group (see ftp://ftp.uu.net/graphics/jpeg). The IDG have made available a library of generic 'C' code supporting JPEG compression and decompression and have permitted its free use provided the source is acknowledged. The IDG code has been modified for use with Delphi and MS Windows and is provided as compiled object files. Optionally, they may be separately compiled into a dll.\par
An interface to this software is provided by the unit jpeglib.pas. This is encapsulated as a set of Delphi components in the unit mwajpeg.pas, which also supports the mapping of the environment independent image format expected by the IJG code into MS Windows bitmap and metafile formats.\par
When you purchase a licence to this product, you purchase a licence for the source code to the mwajpeg and jpeglib units and the right to include binaries derived from them in your own products without having to pay additional royalties. You also have a right to freely distribute the mwjpeg and mwjpeg32 dlls (if used), and copies of the modified 'C' source is also included in the registered version. Support is also provided by EMail albeit without a guaranteed response time. \lang1033\page\super\b $#K\nosupersub  \b0 Units\par
The MWA JPEG Component Library consists of five units:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft90\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1514\cellx5220\pard\intbl\sa60\sl-220\slmult0 MWAJPEG\cell This unit encapsulates the JPEG Compression/Decompression library and defines the two main \uldb Delphi Components\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_Classes\cf0\v0  exported by the library.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft90\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1514\cellx5220\pard\intbl\sa60\sl-220\slmult0 JPEGLIB\cell This is the interface unit to the JPEG Compression/Decompression library \cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft90\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1514\cellx5220\pard\intbl\sa60\sl-220\slmult0 JPEGREG1/\line JPEGREG2\cell This unit contains the Register procedure used to install the components. It may be modified in order to change the palette on which the components are installed. By default, this is the \ldblquote Additional\rdblquote  palette.\par
JPEGREG1 is used with Quick Reports 1 (and when Quck Reports is not installed) and JPEGREG2 with Quick Report 2.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft90\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1514\cellx5220\pard\intbl\sa60\sl-220\slmult0 MWADBJPG\cell This unit defines the \uldb TDBJPEGImage\ulnone\v Topic_TDBJPEGImage\v0  control.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft90\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1514\cellx5220\pard\intbl\sa60\sl-220\slmult0 MWAQRJPG\cell This unit defines the \uldb TQRDBJPEGImage\ulnone\v Topic_TQRDBJPEGImage\v0  control.\cell\row\pard\li120\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\par
\pard\keepn\s1\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\b\fs24\page\super $\nosupersub  \super #\nosupersub  \super K\nosupersub  USING THE JPEG DEMO APPLICATIONS\par
\pard\li115\sa60\lang2057\b0\fs20 Two demo applications are provided. A JPEG Viewer application demonstrates the opening and saving JPEG image files and conversion to and from bitmap files (.bmp) and from Windows Metafiles (.wmf). A database application demonstrates use of the data aware component.\par
The JPEG Viewer application may be found in the Examples\\Viewer subdirectory created above (note that for Delphi 2 and C++Builder 1) there are two versions for Quick Reports 1 and 2, in the Q1 and Q2 subdirectories respectively). To activate, load the jpegdemo.dpr file into the IDE using the File|Open Project menu item. This provides a simple application that can open and save .jpg (JPEG), .bmp (Windows Bitmap) and .wmf (Windows metfaile) files, and copy and paste bitmaps and metafiles to and from the clipboard. To test out, simply compile and run the application.\par
To load and view a JPEG file, click on the open button and load the test.jpg file contained in the subdirectory created above. You can also try saving it to another file name (you can save it as either a JPEG or a bitmap). You can also use the demo application to convert windows bitmaps and metafiles to jpegs simply by opening the file containing them (or pasting from the clipboard) and saving them as jpegs. The viewer window can also be resized by simply dragging the bottom right hand corner with the mouse. Saving the image will save it at the new size.\par
The application also demonstrates a simple method for printing a JPEG Image using Quick Reports (even with no database).\par
You can also use the Object Inspector to see the properties published by the two JPEG components.\par
The JPEG database application may also be found in the Examples\\db subdirectory created above. To activate, load the DBDemo.dpr file into the IDE using the File|Open Project menu item. This application is an extension of the Viewer and presents images held in an example database. The database records may be perused using the DBNavigator bar provided. It is still possible to save images from the database record and to replace/insert images from files or the clipboard. For Delphi 2 and C+++Builder 1, there are again two version of the application for Quick Reports 1 and 2. The application also demonstrates how to print a report including JPEG Images.\par
\pard\keepn\s1\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\lang1033\fs24\page\super $#K\nosupersub  \b Classes\par
\pard\li120\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\b0\fs20 The JPEG Component Library defines the following classes:\par
\uldb TJPEGFileCompressor\v Topic_TJPEGFileCompressor\ulnone\v0\par
\uldb TJPEGFileDecompressor\v Topic_TJPEGFileDecompressor\ulnone\v0\par
\uldb TDBJPEGImage\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_TDBJPEGImage\cf0\v0\par
\uldb TQRDBJPEGImage\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_TQRDBJPEGImage\cf0\uldb\v0\par
\pard\s2\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\page\super $\nosupersub  \super #\nosupersub  Properties\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2167\cellx4327\cellx6487\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\lang2057\uldb\b0 Comment\v Topic_Comment\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\lang2057\uldb DCTMethod\v Topic_DCTMethod\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\lang2057\uldb DensityUnit\v Topic_DensityUnit\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2167\cellx4327\cellx6487\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\lang2057\uldb GrayscaleOutput\v Topic_GrayscaleOutput\ulnone\v0\cell\uldb OptimizeCoding\v Topic_OptimizeCoding\ulnone\v0\cell\uldb ProgressiveJPEG\v Topic_ProgressiveJPEG\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2167\cellx4327\cellx6487\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\uldb Quality\v Topic_Quality\ulnone\v0\cell\uldb RestartInterval\v Topic_RestartInterval\ulnone\v0\cell\uldb SmoothingFactor\v Topic_SmoothingFactor\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2167\cellx4327\cellx6487\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\uldb Trace_Level\v Topic_TraceLevel\ulnone\v0\cell\uldb WriteAllTables\v Topic_WriteAllTables\ulnone\v0\cell\uldb WriteJFIFHeader\v Topic_WriteJFIFHeader\ulnone\v0\cell\row\pard\s2\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult1\lang1033\b\page\super $\nosupersub  \super #\nosupersub  Methods\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2610\cellx5850\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\lang2057\uldb\b0 SavePictureToFile\v Topic_SavePictureToFile\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\lang2057\uldb SavePictureToStream\v Topic_SavePictureToStream\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2610\cellx5850\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\lang2057\uldb SaveDIBitmapToStream\v Topic_SaveDIBitmapToStream\ulnone\v0\cell\uldb SaveMetaFileToStream\v Topic_SaveMetaFileToStream\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2610\cellx5850\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\uldb SaveBitMapToStream\v Topic_SaveBitMapToStream\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\qj\lang2057\uldb Abort\v Topic_Abort\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2610\cellx5850\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\uldb WriteMarker\v Topic_WriteMarker\ulnone\v0\cell\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\qj\uldb SaveStretchedPictureToStream\v Topic_SaveStretchedPictureToStream\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2610\cellx5850\pard\intbl\li115\sa120 SaveBitmapToFile\v Topic_SaveBitmapToFile\v0\cell\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\qj SaveStretchedPictureToFile\v Topic_SaveStretchedPictureToFile\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2610\cellx5850\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\uldb SaveMetafileToFile\v Topic_SaveMetafileToFile\ulnone\v0\cell\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\qj\uldb SaveStretchedBitmapToFile\v Topic_SaveStretchedBitmapToFile\ulnone\v0\cell\row\pard\s2\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult1\lang1033\b\page\super $\nosupersub  \super #\nosupersub  Events\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2167\cellx4327\cellx6487\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\lang2057\uldb\b0 OnProgessReport\v Topic_OnProgessReport\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\lang2057\uldb OnWriteMarkers\v Topic_OnWriteMarkers\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\cell\row\pard\keepn\sb60\sa60\sl-240\slmult0\b\page\super $\nosupersub  \super #\nosupersub  \super K\nosupersub  \super +\nosupersub  \super B\nosupersub  TJPEGFileCompressor Class\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1260\cellx2378\cellx3496\cellx4614\pard\intbl\keepn\sb120\sa120\qc\ul Properties\ulnone\v TJPEGFileCompressorProperties\v0\cell\ul Methods\ulnone\v TJPEGFileCompressorMethods\v0\cell\ul Events\ulnone\v TJPEGFileCompressorEvents\v0\cell\uldb Classes\ulnone\v Topic_Classes\v0\cell\row\pard\s2\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult1 Unit:\tab\uldb\b0 MWAJPEG\v Topic_Units\ulnone\b\v0\par
\pard\li120\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\b0 TJPEGFileCompressor can\lang2057  be used to save a TImage.Picture in JPEG format, and can handle pictures that are either bitmaps or metafiles. It can also compress a device independent bitmap.\par
\pard\s2\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult1\lang1033\b\page\super $\nosupersub  \super #\nosupersub  Properties\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2250\cellx4369\cellx6488\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\lang2057\uldb\b0 DCTMethod\v Topic_DCTMethod\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\lang2057\uldb DitherMode\v Topic_DitherMode\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\lang2057\uldb DoBlockSmoothing\v Topic_DoBlockSmoothing\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2250\cellx4369\cellx6488\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\lang2057\uldb DoFancyUpSampling\v Topic_DoFancyUpSampling\ulnone\v0\cell\uldb GrayScaleOutput\v Topic_GrayScaleOutput\ulnone\v0\cell\uldb TwoPassQuantize\v Topic_TwoPassQuantize\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2250\cellx4369\cellx6488\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\uldb TraceLevel\v Topic_TraceLevel\ulnone\v0\cell\cell\cell\row\pard\s2\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult1\lang1033\b\page\super $\nosupersub  \super #\nosupersub  Methods\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2970\cellx5940\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\uldb\b0 Abort\v Topic_Abort\lang2057\v0\cell LoadPictureFromResID \lang1033\ulnone\v TOPIC_\lang2057 LoadPictureFromResID\uldb\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2970\cellx5940\pard\intbl\li115\sa120 ConvertToDIB\v Topic_ConvertToDIB\ulnone\v0\cell\uldb LoadPictureFromStream\v Topic_ConvertToDIB\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2970\cellx5940\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\lang2057\uldb LoadPictureFromFile\v Topic_LoadPictureFromFile\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\lang2057\uldb ReadDIBitmapFromStream\v Topic_ReadDIBitmapFromStream\ulnone\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2970\cellx5940\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\uldb LoadPictureFromResource\lang1033\ulnone\v Topic_\lang2057 LoadPictureFromResource\uldb\v0\cell ReadBitMapFromStream\v Topic_ReadBitMapFromStream\ulnone\v0\cell\row\pard\s2\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult1\lang1033\b\page\super $\nosupersub  \super #\nosupersub  Events\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2167\cellx4327\cellx6487\pard\intbl\li115\sa120\lang2057\uldb\b0 OnJPEGComment\v Topic_OnJPEGComment\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\lang2057\uldb OnJPEGMarker\v Topic_OnJPEGMarker\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\lang2057\uldb OnProgessReport\v Topic_OnProgessReport\lang1033\ulnone\v0\cell\row\pard\keepn\sb60\sa60\sl-240\slmult0\b\page\super $\nosupersub  \super #\nosupersub  \super K\nosupersub  \super +\nosupersub  \super B\nosupersub  TJPEGFileDecompressor Class\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1260\cellx2378\cellx3496\cellx4614\pard\intbl\keepn\sb120\sa120\qc\ul Properties\ulnone\v TJPEGFileDecompressorProperties\v0\cell\ul Methods\ulnone\v TJPEGFileDecompressorMethods\v0\cell\ul Events\ulnone\v TJPEGFileDecompressorEvents\v0\cell\uldb Classes\ulnone\v Topic_Classes\v0\cell\row\pard\s2\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult1 Unit:\tab\uldb\b0 MWAJPEG\v Topic_Units\ulnone\b\v0\par
\pard\li120\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\lang2057\b0 If \lang1033 TJPEGFileDecompressor\lang2057  is included in your project, then calling TImage.Picture.LoadFromFile when the file extension is .jpg will automatically invoke the JPEG decompressor. You can also explicitly call TJPEGFileDecompressor to load a JPEG image from any file.\lang1033\par
\pard\keepn\sb60\sa60\sl-240\slmult0\b\page\super\b0 $#K\nosupersub\b TDBJPEGImage Class\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft7\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx1260\cellx2378\cellx3496\pard\intbl\keepn\sb120\sa120\qc\ul Properties\ulnone\v TDBJPEGImageProperties\v0\cell\ul Methods\ulnone\v TDBJPEGImageMethods\v0\cell\uldb Classes\ulnone\v Topic_Classes\v0\cell\row\pard\li120\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\b0 The TDBJPEGImage control displays a graphic image stored in JPEG format from a BLOB (binary large object) field of the current record of a dataset. \par
\par
\b Unit: \b0 mwadbjpg\par
\par
\b Description\b0\par
Use TDBJPEGImage to represent the value of JPEG graphic fields. TDBJPEGImage allows a form to display graphical data from a dataset. TDBJPEGImage can allow the user to edit graphical data using the clipboard. While the application is running and the database image control has focus, users can cut, copy, and paste using the standard windows accelerator keys (Ctrl+X, Ctrl+C, and Ctrl+V). Users can return to the original state of the database image control by pressing Esc before moving to another record.\par
\pard\s2\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult1\b\page\super #\nosupersub Properties\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2844\cellx5796\cellx8748\pard\intbl\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\uldb\b0 AutoDisplay\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_AutoDisplay\cf0\v0\cell\uldb DataSource\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_DataSource\cf0\v0\cell\uldb JPEGCompressor\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_JPEGCompressor\cf0\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2844\cellx5796\cellx8748\pard\intbl\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\uldb DataField\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_DataField\cf0\v0\cell\uldb ReadOnly\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_ReadOnly\cf0\v0\cell\uldb JPEGDecompressor\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_JPEGDecompressor\cf0\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2844\cellx5796\cellx8748\pard\intbl\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\uldb Field\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_Field\cf0\uldb\v0\cell\cell\cell\row\pard\s2\sb60\sa60\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\page\super\b0 $#\nosupersub\b Methods\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2070\cellx3780\pard\intbl\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\uldb\b0 CopyToClipboard\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_CopyToClipboard\cf0\v0\cell\uldb CutToClipboard\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_CutToClipboard\cf0\v0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx2070\cellx3780\pard\intbl\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\uldb PasteFromClipboard\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_PasteFromClipboard\cf0\v0\cell\uldb LoadPicture\cf1\ulnone\v Topic_LoadPicture\cf0\v0\cell\row\pard\keepn\s1\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\b\fs24\page\super\b0 $#K\nosupersub\b TQRDBJPEGImage\par
\pard\li120\sa60\sl-220\slmult0\super\fs20 K\nosupersub\b0 TQRDBJPEGImage is used to print images in JPEG format stored in binary (BLOB) fields on a Quick Reports 2 form. It is not used with Quick Reports 1. By default, Quick Reports 2 only comes with Delphi 3 and C++Builder 3. Delphi 2 and C++Builder 1 come with Quick Reports 1 and you will only have Quick Reports 2 with these products (and Delphi 1) if you are registered for the Professional Edition.\par
Like any Quick Reports Printable control, a TQRDBJPEGImage is placed on a report band to print a JPEG image held in a database field. The DataSet property is set to the dataset containing the image and the DataField property is set to the name of the field holding the JPEG Image. \par
If non-default decompression parameters are required, then the JPEGDecompressor should point to a TJPEGFileDecompressor object with the required parameter settings.\par
Note: for printing JPEG Images using Quick Reports 1, you should use the TDBJPEGImage control instead of TQRDBJPEGImage.\par
}
 