{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f265\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f266\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f268\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f269\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f270\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f271\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f272\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f273\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f275\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f276\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f278\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f279\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f280\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f281\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f282\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f283\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid5334053 Hyperlink;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1734613\rsid5334053\rsid7695279\rsid8025788\rsid13049505}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.8125;}{\info{\operator Tony Whyman}
{\creatim\yr2007\mo8\dy14\hr10\min5}{\revtim\yr2007\mo8\dy20\hr16\min47}{\version4}{\edmins10}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords2062}{\nofchars11758}{\nofcharsws13793}{\vern24611}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/20
03/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\rsidroot5334053 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs32\cf1\insrsid5334053 MWA JPEG Component Library
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5334053 
\par Welcome to the MWA JPEG Component Library. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 
The JPEG Component Library provides two additional non-visual components for use under either Delphi or C++Builder. It also provides a Data Aware JPEG Image component which may be used to s
ave and access JPEG encoded images in a database blob field. A corresponding printable component is also provided so that you may print images from a database using Quick Reports. 
\par 
\par The two non-visual components are TJPEGFileCompressor and TJPEGFileDecompr
essor. These support compression of images to JPEG Format and decompression respectively, and their properties allow full control of the JPEG algorithm. The data aware component is TDBJPEGImage, and the printable component is TQRDBJPEGImage (for Delphi 20
05 and later only available if you also have Quick Reports 4 installed). You will find these components on the "MWA JPEG" tab on the component palette.
\par 
\par Simply installing these components JPEG enables the Delphi IDE. The components register themselves as su
pporting .jpg files and the JPEG compression format and, when you come to load an image into a TImage Picture, the JPEG format will be found amongst the list of supported file formats. An image loaded from a JPEG source can also be saved back to JPEG. The
se components support the JPEG File Interchange Format (JFIF).
\par 
\par Thes
e two components also support TImage at run-time too. As at design time, if TJPEGFileDecompressor is included in your project, then calling TImage.Picture.LoadFromFile when the file extension is .jpg will automatically invoke the JPEG decompressor. You ca
n also explicitly call TJPEGFileDecompressor to load a JPEG image from any file.
\par 
\par TJPEGFileCompressor can be used to save a TImage.Picture in JPEG format, and can handle pictures that are either bitmaps or metafiles. It can also compress a device independent bitmap, and change the size of bitmaps before compression.
\par 
\par TDBJPEGImage is linked to a database blob field and also uses TJPEGFileDecompressor and TJPEGFileCompressor to save and load JPEG encoded images from the Blob Field. Use of the JPEG compressor a
nd decompressor components can be implicit if the default parameter settings are sufficient. On the other hand, the reference may be explicit to copies of these components with non-default parameter settings. TQRDBJPEGImage can be used to print a JPEG Ima
ge using Quick Reports. 
\par 
\par This software uses original software for JPEG developed by the Independent JPEG Group (see ftp://ftp.uu.net/graphics/jpeg). The IDG have made available a library of generic 'C' code supporting JPEG compression and decompression and
 have permitted its free use provided the source is acknowledged. The IDG code has been modified for use with Delphi and MS Windows and is provided as compiled object files. Optionally, they may be separately compiled into a dll.
\par 
\par An interface to this software is provided by the unit }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 jpeglib.pas}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 
. This is encapsulated as a set of Delphi components in the unit }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 mwajpeg.pas}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 
, which also supports the mapping of the environment independent image format expected by the IJG code into MS Windows bitmap and metafile formats.
\par 
\par When you purchase a licence to this product, you purchase a licence for the source code to the mwajpeg and jpeglib units and the right to include binaries derived from them in your own products without having to pay additional royalties. Support i
s provided by our online Forum at http://www.mwasoftware.co.uk.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid5334053 Installation
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 Installation is fully automated. The installer will detect each supported version of Delphi and C++Builder installed on your system and offer to install the JPEG Components for 
each one. You may deselect installation for any supported version of Delphi and C++Builder in the customisation dialog. The installer will also install the example applications and help file in your Personal Folder. You can also modify this in the customi
sation dialog. In the full version, the source files will also be installed here.
\par 
\par The evaluation version is fully functional except that any programs you create with it will only function when the Delphi or C++Builder IDE is also active.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid13049505 
\par One compiling your applications that use the JPEG Component Library, for the first time after installing the full version over the evaluation version, you should \'93build\'94 rather than \'93make\'94
 the application, ensuring that the new units/object files are picked up.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid5334053 After Installation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 
\par 
\par Once installation is complete, the MWA JPEG components will have been added to each selected version of Delphi and C++Builder. The supporting .dcu (and .obj) files will have been installed in the "lib" folder and, for C++Builder, the hpp files wi
ll be installed in the "include" folder. A design time package will have been installed in the "bin" folder.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid5334053\charrsid5334053 Quick Reports
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 
\par Quick Reports from }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053  HYPERLINK "http://www.qusoft.com/" }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid1734613\charrsid5334053 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b2e00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e007100750073006f00660074002e0063006f006d002f0000000028}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\f1\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid5334053\charrsid5334053 Qsoft}}}\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 , was bundled with De
lphi/C++Builder until Delphi 7/C++Builder 6. However, post Delphi 2005 it is only available separately. The MWA JPEG Component Library contains a data aware component to include JPEG images on reports generated using Quick Reports. This is installed by de
f
ault for Delphi 7/C++Builder 6 and earlier. For later releases, the installation script will automatically determine if Quick Reports 4 is installed and if it is, the installed design time package will include support for Quick Reports. Otherwise, the ver
sion without Quick Reports support will be installed. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid5334053 
\par Example Applications}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid5334053 
\par 
\par Three demo applications are provided. A JPEG Viewer application demonstrates the
 opening and saving of JPEG image files and conversion to and from bitmap files (.bmp) and from Windows Metafiles (.wmf). One database application (DBDemo) demonstrates use of the data aware component with the DB Navigation bar, while another (DBGrDemo) d
emonstrates the use of the data aware component in a TDBCtrlGrid.
\par 
\par The JPEG Viewer application may be found in the Examples\\Viewer folder. To activate, load the jpegdemo.dpr file into the IDE using the File|Open Project menu item. This provides a simple app
lication that can open and save .jpg (JPEG), .bmp (Windows Bitmap) and .wmf (Windows metfaile) files, and copy and paste bitmaps and metafiles to and from the clipboard. To test out, simply compile and run the application.
\par 
\par To load and view a JPEG file, cl
ick on the open button and load the test.jpg file contained in the subdirectory created above. You can also try saving it to another file name (you can save it as either a JPEG or a bitmap). You can also use the demo application to convert windows bitmaps
 
and metafiles to jpegs simply by opening the file containing them (or pasting from the clipboard) and saving them as jpegs. The viewer window can also be resized by simply dragging the bottom right hand corner with the mouse. Saving the image will save it
 at the new size.
\par 
\par The application also demonstrates a simple method for printing a JPEG Image.
\par 
\par You can also use the Object Inspector to see the properties published by the two JPEG components.
\par 
\par The JPEG database applications may be found in the Examples\\db folder. To activate, load the respective .dpr file into the IDE using the File|Open Project menu item.
\par 
\par The DBDemo application is an extension of the Viewer and presents images held in an example database. The database records may be perused using the DB
Navigator bar provided. It is still possible to save images from the database record and to replace/insert images from files or the clipboard. The application also demonstrates how to print a report including JPEG Images.
\par 
\par The DBGrDemo application uses the same image database but presents the images using a TDBCtrlGrid which enables them to be viewed as an image strip.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid5334053 More Information}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5334053 
\par 
\par An Online Help File is installed and may be found under the Programs->MWA JPEG Component Library Start Menu. An online form is also available at http://www.mwasoftware.co.uk.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid5334053 Licensing}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5334053 
\par 
\par If you are evaluating this product then you have an evaluation licence for 30 days. Please see the licence agreement for more information. If you wish to continue to use the software after t
his time then you must purchase a source licence from MWA Software - see http://www.mwasoftware.co.uk for more information.
\par 
\par If you have purchased this product then Thank You! Your licence allows you full access to the source code and royalty free deployment. However, you must keep the source code confidential and not give it to third parties.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid5334053 What's New in This Version}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5334053 
\par 
\par New In Version 1.10
\par 
\par 1. Support for CMYK Jpeg Images
\par 
\par New in Version 1.9
\par 
\par 1. Support for Delphi 2005 (Win32)
\par 
\par 2. Support for Borland Developer Studio 2006 (both Delphi and C++Builder Win32)
\par 
\par 3. Support for Delphi 2007.
\par 
\par New features in release 1.8b
\par 
\par 1. C++Builder Support has been added.
\par 
\par New Features in Version 1.8a
\par 
\par 1. Delphi 7 support has been added
\par 
\par 1. To support Interbase Express, LoadPicture now also checks the JPEG image field's Blobsize.
\par 
\par 2. Support for Delphi 6 has now been added.
\par 
\par 3. Version 6b of the IJG software is now used.
\par 
\par New Features in version 1.7
\par 
\par 1. Support for C++Builder 5 has been added.
\par 
\par 2. With Delphi 3 or later, TJpegDecompressor.ReadBitmap now returns a DIB bitmap  rather than a Device Dependent Bitmap. This is for improved and more reliable  printing. Earlier verions of Delpbi and C++Builder 1 do not support DIB bitmaps.  The Viewer e
xample program has been amended to demonstrate this new feature.
\par 
\par New Features in version 1.6
\par 
\par 1. Support for C++Builder 4 has been added.
\par 
\par 2. The memory leak in LoadPictureFromStream is now fixed.
\par 
\par 3. Support for TDBCtrlGrid has been added to TDBJPEGImage, and a demo application provided to illustrate this.
\par 
\par 4. References to TBlobstream in TDBJPEGImage have been replaced with calls to the more generic TDataSet.CreateBlobStream. This should permit operation with 3rd party database components.
\par 
\par 5. If an error occurs during the decompression of a jpeg image from TImage.Picture.LoadFromFile, the next call to the JPEG Decompressor should no longer 
\par risk an Access Violation.
\par 
\par 6. If an exception occurs during the processing of a progress report, Abort is now called
 to reset the JPEG decompressor/compressor. This will avoid the "JPEG decompressor/compressor not in correct state error messages on subsequent calls to the jpeg code.
\par 
\par New Features in Version 1.5
\par 
\par 1. This release is primarily for Delphi 4 support and to ensure a common software base is maintained.
\par 
\par 2. Two new methods "LoadPictureFromResource" and "LoadPictureFromResID" are provided so that JPEG images can be packaged with a program as 
\par resources and then loaded at run-time. This can save considerable space compared with loading an image into TImage at run-time. See the help for 
\par information on how to use this feature and the Viewer Demo application, which includes a JPEG resource in its about box.
\par 
\par 3. The Delphi 3 version should now install into the IDE without generating a "A Device Attached to the System is not Working" error 
\par message. This was due to the components having been compiled on a system with Quick Reports Professional installed. This error message was 
\par experienced by users that used the standard version shipped by Borland.
\par 
\par New features in Version 1.4:
\par 
\par 1. Support for C++Builder 3.0. The component library now also supports C++Builder 3.0. The functionality is identical to the other versions 
\par and a common source base is still maintained.
\par 
\par 2. No DLL required for Delphi 3, and all versions of C++Builder. Version 1.3 required a separate dll for the JPEG compression software. 
\par This is no longer true for Delphi 3 and C++Builder. By default the JPEG software is linked into your program - dll support is still available as a command line option.
\par 
\par 3. Dynamic dll loading. The Delphi 1 and Delphi 2 versions now load the JPEG dll dynamically. This enables a more meaningful error message 
\par to be returned if the library cannot be found. The version 1.3 static load is still available as an option.
\par 
\par 4. A new visual component - TDBJPEGImage has been provided. This is a data aware descendant of TImage that stores images in a database blob 
\par field using JPEG compression.
\par 
\par 5. Quick Reports support: with Quick Reports version 1, the TDBJPEGImage may be included on a report. For version 2, a new 
\par component TQRJPEGImage is provided so that you can print JPEG images direct from a database.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\cf1\insrsid5334053 Bug Fixes:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5334053 
\par 
\par 1. Parameters to TStream.Seek in TJPEGCompressor.SkipInputBytes now the correct way round :(    Why didn't Borland make the "ORigin" 
\par parameter an enumerated type then this typo would have been a compile time error!
\par 
\par 2. The error code returned from PlayEnhMetaFile is now returned in the error messsage
\par 
\par 3. The decompressor now has a property (ColoursIn8bitMode) that allows the user to  specify the actual numbers of discrete colours in the 
\par image when decoding to a 256 colour image. This used to be 256. However, a lower number can avoid a colour cast especially with Blank 
\par and White images encoded as full colour images. The default is now 64.
\par 
\par 4. When the buffer size is changed the buffer will now be freed and reallocated.
\par 
\par 5. An event handler for warning messages has been added.
\par 
\par 6. You should now be able to correctly save JPEG images when working in the IDE  and want to save an image as a JPEG at design time (but 
\par only when the image  was loaded from a JPEG source - the IDE cannot be used to convert JPEG's to  bitmaps, but it can be used to convert from 
\par JPEGs to bitmaps.
\par 
\par 7. OnProgressReport now spelt correctly! Note that uses upgrading from earlier versions will experience an error message when loading 
\par projects that use the JPEG Component Library reporting that the mis-spelt property name cannot be found. Ignore this error and manually direct the "OnProgressReport" to its event handler.
\par 
\par MWA Software
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid8025788 http://www.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid5334053 mwasoftware.co.uk
\par }}